c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\HelloCamera.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\HelloCamera.Resources.resources
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\HelloCamera.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\HelloCamera.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\le\HelloCamera.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\be\HelloCamera.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\le\HelloCamera.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\be\HelloCamera.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\HelloCamera.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\HelloCamera.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\le\HelloCamera.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\le\HelloCamera.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\be\HelloCamera.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\be\HelloCamera.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\be\HelloCamera.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\be\HelloCamera.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\le\HelloCamera.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\le\HelloCamera.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\HelloCamera.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\obj\Debug\HelloCamera.pdb
C:\Users\gios_\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pe
C:\Users\gios_\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pe
C:\Users\gios_\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pdbx
C:\Users\gios_\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pdbx
C:\Users\gios_\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.dll
C:\Users\gios_\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelloCamera\HelloCamera\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.xml
